My grandfather specially arranged for me
Let you go out to avoid the limelight
The voyage can't wait
Is it that serious?
Of course, after this dinner
Lord Qin is ready to wash his hands in a golden basin
The business of the future voyage will be handed over to the emperor
Home and his wife
And you offended them both unknowingly
If you don't hurry up, what are you waiting for?
How can I have
Pardon me?
I said I'm not going anywhere.
And what kind of banquet is Master Qin's?
I'd like to join in the fun
You're crazy, I have a batch of treasures in my hands now
I promise as soon as he sees
It will definitely shock you, it is simply unreasonable
Don't put gold on your face
There are countless green coconut treasures
I have never seen any kind of treasure
Don't embarrass yourself
Bridge Miss Chen is right
Lord Qin is well-informed
Impossible to be interested in your stuff
Let's not go out there and frown.
Don't worry.
This is a gift for the dinner party
Everything above
No less than your Heavenly Master coming down the mountain
Especially with the finale auction item
It is said to be lost porcelain
Lost porcelain
Why is this a little small with my soldier crack?
Do you still want to go?
Go why not go
But
I would like to ask Miss Chen to do me one last favor
What are you doing? Get me an invitation coupon?